#2508 Upgrade to Alpakka Kafka 2.0 (#2736)
lagom/lagom: docs/manual/java/guide/broker/KafkaClient.md

@[kafka-broker](../../../../../service/core/kafka/client/src/main/resources/reference.conf)

First, we have configuration that is specific to the publisher and the subscriber. The `lagom.broker.kafka.client.default.failure-exponential-backoff` defines configuration for what to do when a publisher or subscriber stream fails. Specifically, it allows you to configure the backoff time that is awaited before restarting a publishing/consuming stream. Failure can happen for different reasons, for instance it may be due to an application error, or because of a network error. Independently of the cause, Lagom will keep retrying to restart the stream (whilst waiting longer and longer between each failed retry). As you can see, both the publisher and subscriber use the same defaults, but different values for either of them can be set.

> Second, the consumer has a few more configuration keys allowing you to decide how often the read-side offset is persisted in the datastore. When tuning these values, you are trading performances (storing the offset every time a message is consumed can be costly), with the risk of having to re-process some message if a failure occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, the consumer has a few more configuration keys allowing you to decide how often the read-side offset is persisted in the datastore. When tunning these values, you are trading performance (storing the offset every time a message is consumed can be costly), with the risk of having to re-process some message if a failure occurs.
```
